before
[Music]
lost
myself
[Music]
the problem is I'm freaking building
right now
foreign
[Music]
good night
foreign
[Music]
things
please
[Music]
foreign
what's up
like this Christmas
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
Productions
I can't do anything until this
demonstration
[Music]
how is it that
foreign
[Music]
I fell off in the mouth
twice
[Music]
the first time
foreign
[Music]
in the surface
thank you
[Music]
make me feel so
goodbye
[Music]
to myself
that's all I think
you know
myself
is
Make Me Feel So Close
[Music]
glasses
I'm gonna go play basketball for five
minutes because this is taking forever
I think I shouldn't sleep I think
[Music]
thank you
they go to Jersey
all I can
come back again
[Music]
I know
um
I always remember
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
like a girl
alone
[Music]
let it goes
hold on
[Music]
your mind
all my life
[Music]
foreign
I believe
[Music]
I'm gonna take on your mind
foreign
[Music]
thank you
English and Sharpies
foreign
[Music]
about you yeah
foreign
[Music]
the sky
Landers
[Music]
yep wait
oh my God
[Music]
make you happy
I don't know that makes you happy
birthday
[Music]
tomorrow
stop
listening
[Music]
no no no no
no no no no no no no
for you
I wish the Wonder there's like a blender
server
[Music]
bloodhound
don't worry
[Music]
I'll step on my head twice
the distance
foreign
[Music]
um
is
[Music]
false
respective
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
all right
now
[Music]
foreign
realize that I can't fight for free
[Music]
nothing you do to me
give me something
what I mean
show me something please
[Music]
the
thing you do to me
[Music]
this is SF
why does that return an empty thing
[Music]
wanna go home
anymore
[Music]
20 seconds
perfect
[Music]
it literally cloned and built lvm crazy
now we're actually compiling
enzyme
foreign
Works to be honest
but I want to get
scene item
no no but yeah wait a scene item what I
want a source
I hate this
no I don't hate it but like
it's like
okay uh
foreign
dude I need this compilation to be done
I don't know why I decided to do this
stupid thing
dude I love examples
foreign
oh do I have to
dude this needs to end
foreign
I try to do that again
I don't know why I thought this would
work
enzymes too early
but
please set twitch name okay
what is Twitch token
foreign
wait but
wait to impersonate myself I don't
really understand
twitch Channel
um
okay
let's try that
oh
um
okay
beautiful
it literally crashed
bro what
foreign
if you change your password or enable
2fa
foreign
is this
let me try some of the other examples
damn okay well let me try the other one
[Music]
okay fine let's try the other one
I did this before but
I really don't remember what the heck
I'm
foreign
last year
yes
the hell is this
hmm
wait what the hell
oh is that someone that's in here
wait what the [__]
foreign
IRC message
okay
thank you
so what
foreign
thank you
I have another one listening
hmm
this is
to be honest the other one looks better
hmm
is this a real website
assessed by that
okay Brew install
GPL
[Music]
um
how the hell is this supposed to work
bro
hmm
foreign
thank you
what
okay
foreign
[Music]
what
foreign
my guess is that this doesn't change
anything at all but
hmm
foreign
channels anymore I don't know what that
even means
oh
one time I did have a um
I don't know why this is not working
it's just not exporting
I must not have pushed it because
but
hmm
this thing found the token
okay what if I just try to make another
dude
laughs
is the app access token
foreign
dude why is this so complicated
in with twitch I don't like that at all
see how to install
Jesus where's all the trash in there
okay I should just do the new cargo run
right
what are these dependencies do 400
what the [__]
currency bro wow this is a fully
featured
which Bob
let's see if there's anything smaller
that
was the last time this thing got up
again
400 I've never seen anything like that
I could just um
basically what I want to do is I want to
make a midi command send an emoji to my
chat
seems pretty simple
thank you
wow what a Powerhouse
build failing or test failing
not clippy's failing
so what are the examples
but you are
it's a CLI does it have clap
well this guy
this guy goes in dude that's crazy
I don't like how if you do it by ID it
what is this album
I don't know what this album is
back
too many inches
better
than I was
I'm
good
[Music]
and we back here
made me crazy
[Music]
tell me
remember
[Music]
such a big brother
keep them
[Music]
replay
the best
[Music]
no no
no
body
how's it doing this
[Music]
thing is taking so long
but what the [__] is going on
foreign
[Music]
damn money ain't yours
it just does that
old man
[Music]
still gonna change
I don't think it works bro and that's
the problem with these huge things
[Music]
let's try to add more of these [__]
connections
you know
try to find
a man I'm your
I'm your [__]
[Music]
oh okay
no commands
[Music]
foreign
I don't think it's
oh where
all right that's pretty sick
that's kind of sweet dude
all right online
with the music oh there's 17 more all
right what's games
that's pretty sick though
all right what else we got here
what is this command
custom command Administration
they deserted us here
run on my lips
[Music]
of a promotion bro what are you doing
dude
okay [__]
special what now
[Music]
go to dogehype.com
all right
um I don't these song ones oh I want to
try the clip one I feel like that I
think that that should work because
uh so I could have a clip button okay
all right all right all right so how do
I
see this workout
fireworks
[Music]
all right cool
I didn't do it
all right now now I'm gonna try to send
clip
and it created the clip like immediately
that's [__] crazy dude
[Music]
that's kind of hype actually
I kind of love that
but now I want to press a button
yeah okay I see
running a stream is a big [__] ordeal
kisses
nah bro this is sick it just worked like
I'm pretty [__] hype about that
and it replies to just me so it doesn't
spam the chat
okay
that's fun
bro
[Music]
cigarettes
what the hell
thank you
cigarettes
[Music]
this [__]
I think we all addicted
yeah
[Music]
I don't think it works
dude why are this is [__] random ass
commands here
all right so now how do I add my own
command
[Music]
s
sometimes
don't be so cute
so here's a big part of this is like
this is to drive engagement
whoa
oh that changes the audio though I don't
love that
instead of toggling that I could just
have my image in scene one
does this tell me the volume
it doesn't really
[Music]
this is so stupid
oh I should have like a BRB one
to be on the mixtape but I couldn't uh
get it cleared in time but
every time you play this track all the
way through all the streaming proceeds
go directly to social work so
run this back and play it all the way
through
again I really appreciate you guys being
here
since day one and uh
the album is coming real soon
[Music]
dogs
where I see
Chucky
[Music]
foreign
ERS on this trip Lose Yourself tomorrow
and find yourself in my grip I'm saying
my Chucky
[Music]
last
long
[Music]
I bless myself
geriatrics [__] me into open caskets I
wanna die with this I wanna stop seeing
my psychiatrist she said pill why baby
girl cause I promise
loneliness is happiness you seek the
master cause I'm natural preach practice
backflip tragic actress on a movie with
no screen on the only time
in my dream
s
no no but there must be something to
send
[Music]
where are the docks bro
is this a crate
[Music]
that's not what I want though like
that's not developer Docs
good
morning
I mean this is like a port stab [__]
web app man
this is crazy
[Music]
nails
before the storms got through
yeah
snooze
[Music]
ass
everybody
[Music]
that's why
everybody's everything
what is using so much
[Music]
I guess
oh I know what it is true
[Music]
somebody loves my ass
told y'all spend three days
[Music]
foreign
nobody is nothing
[Music]
every day
that's right
no bodies okay
I know you're all right
chat respond
okay
so these all their own
that's right so if I did this after that
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
whoa what the hell
this is one of these guys that just like
adds the world he's using this custom
language
father was just naturally farming enough
it's better than his father can't
Finally Falling that's crazy
[Music]
cities
dude this is such a big thing that's
completely undocumented
[Music]
oh my God look at that
that is [__] psychotic bruh
why is it
that is crazy I've never seen a 800
dependency thing here
[Applause]
all right wait hold on let's just try
that
all right
we're just simpler
there's got to be a simpler one
[Music]
um
last long as long as low
[Music]
do I still can just remove the pyramid
surprise
[Music]
so I see
my favorite songs
[Music]
whatever
happened
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
this is
crazy it's so much code
afraid
[Music]
I mean it's cool now I have commands
um
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no
did it actually get anything that I
wanted
[Music]
nervous
how does it appear actually on Twitter
[Music]
if I were to do this
[Applause]
[Music]
all right
oh so it does show up for everyone so
does it just format the string as the
answer
oh yeah here you go
[Applause]
[Music]
show me
out
now
[Music]
introduce Japanese
no
matter
[Music]
launch
space
[Music]
Jamie
ah
blow me
thank you
foreign
[Music]
I live
yeah this is one of these guys it's just
like
I mean there's like
two steps
foreign
[Music]
true pictures
and chill
anymore
is that what that is
foreign
yeah we got out of time
[Music]
separations
thank you
all my shoes to the dash it in the rain
or my jacket is okay
the rich the reasons
spineless [__] and backless dresses
but we see
my trees leave
I miss my diagonal girl Jesus and I'm
back on Mike Jackson was still Jesus
before I believe that I believe in him
always
[Music]
sometimes the truth don't run
sometimes the lies
from broken damage
[Music]
clean
clean up I still miss
[Music]
high schools eyes closing the arena
and I still can't find Talent
no school I'm good I mean this switchbot
kind of works but like
[Music]
is
all right wait hold on let's do this
[Music]
bad guys
wait is this the old one
[Music]
all right hold on this one seems pretty
good
I think I saw this one at some point
for the depths
Sheriff says
oh
yeah right that's fine
he literally just made this
that's sick
small piece
[Music]
citizens
Brothers
[Music]
foreign
alive
I lost my life
[Music]
foreign
ask me
[Music]
I have this point
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
oh
come on
girls
or whatever
[Music]
[Applause]
there's a computer
[Music]
um
foreign
[Music]
right now
all right
[Music]
now
oh [__]
[Music]
why
foreign
[Music]
mm-hmm
foreign
[Music]
yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
raining
[Music]
what if we do this
configures low config
foreign
why am I
we need this one just because we're
listening
and we're listening for
why am I
like what is going on
what is clang doing
I'm gonna quit and reopen this thing
it literally just made must be obs
what is that
foreign
whatever
OBS says that I'm taking only five
percent CPU but it's like clearly not
true
whoa
whoa that's crazy when GPT is running
it's using like a hundred percent of my
bet or 100 what
student
s
okay we're pretty much back to normal
here
oh that's weird okay
what the frick
um
foreign
oh wait hold on What is the
but
okay so we got further
uh let's try 66979
foreign
can we just can we just do this
because I'm not sending any
right I don't think I'm sending any
SSL TLS
so verify mode
let's try that
oh nice okay
oh wait
also please don't
uh
bruh
is there a scent
press say
private message
foreign
this is unit type yeah
[Music]
dude I'm trying to get these [__] IRC
twitch Bots to work it's it's driving me
crazy actually
well you always talk about it I listen
but yeah
yeah right yeah we're talking about IP
over airbn carriers bro
you know like because real people like
you get you build your own website and
you post your pgp yeah
you know yeah
dude there's this guy
oh what were you gonna say
morning stuff because I'm doing you got
to do the boring stuff too you know
yeah yeah oh dude did you see this this
thing to control my my uh
I got this midi keyboard
hold on yeah
did you see the clip I stole the
primagen's uh
uh like you know how it goes into the HR
and he's like
um oh yeah he's like I didn't do it or
whatever
so I stole a screenshot of that and now
that's one of the scenes that I can jump
to
it's actually pretty sweet during
real-time stuff in Rust the problem with
like async is just so much better
[Music]
like compared to the dynamic language
like Julia where you have a GC like
async is so much more reliable and
snappy
you mean like like the Tokyo runtime
yeah well just like yeah exactly async
await yeah
I mean generics are cool too
I think pattern match I think pattern
matching is about the best though
I said not generic
you actually responded to that he's like
no I used to think that you're
it's all about pattern matching I don't
get it like it looks like a pretty
simple concept billion generics are much
more like
deep
you know
yeah I kind of know what you're talking
about
like radicals lined up here oh really
you're going like you or like you have a
lick
oh you're applying yeah nice I wrote my
wrote I
can't read it yeah we're here you're on
stream
wait I should let you know you're not
you're on stream right now but do you
can yeah
and I was like I spent three years as a
development
nice building [__]
I might now assistance programmer yeah
like I
like why why are you going back and
forth on it just say where you
I mean you know present yourself as your
present like you know what I mean like
like I'm what you're sending it to
otherwise I have no idea what you're
getting at
well I don't know if this is actually
what I'm going to send them but
my thought
I want to get a PhD in computer science
for giving my life to publish papers and
grades I'm like okay guys
so I'm applying to a master's degree
computer science to focus on Research
hope is that I
during this time I you know
skills and nowhere
research
um
other schools I'm into and then
I was
good wait who are you sending this to
oh okay I see yeah
right yeah yeah
or whatever when do you have to get them
in by
you're supposed to ask them
okay well no so you're fine all right
uh that's cool
all right what schools are you applying
what schools
all right like yeah so you Chicago is a
pre-doctoral master's degree computer
science because they're just trying to
make money you know yeah like
program
yeah for sure
and all these programs are pretty high
acceptance rates
um how do you know that do they post
that
oh really
yeah it's not really necessary sorry you
know like I feel like it's not
yeah I know what you're saying uh yeah
so
well it could still be competitive
though
like it's that doesn't necessarily mean
it's not competitive
it might have been I don't know why it
was like that
um but
uh
yeah I'm sorry
um oh I'm also applying
UK yeah
yeah
I have a one-year program so Yale
uchicago and Cambridge
nice
I don't have any
I feel like I should add more what how
do these applications uh
like okay because I remember for
undergrad
uh
the use the UC is you could do all all
as one
is that the same
yes oh by the way I saw Julius and Leah
today
what college in California yeah
yeah right yeah
yeah we got breakfast
uh
beautiful
not not try no dude it's [__]
but I've been fighting these goddamn IRC
demons bro
I just want one of these codes to work
oh wait actually hold on let me let me
show you what this one crazy guy got
this one guy built this insanely large
code base uh
and uh but okay so go to my stream and
type like like bang commands
right yeah
where's everybody oh
yeah bro what do you think I was talking
about
you're talking with Jesus they're
accepting people too there's there's
that seven people
oh seven views not viewers
there's one viewer
yeah it's me yeah okay wait hold on I
gotta find this thing where is it oh my
God all right
you didn't say anything you just talked
about playing at grad school yeah
um
this thing sucks dude why isn't this
thing working hold on
give you Fallout and I already thought
you already followed me
uh okay why is this not working anyways
let me
wait it doesn't have doesn't have a off
silent twitch uh
it might not actually
oh yeah commands doesn't do anything oh
yeah here we go bang help bang time
bang up time
[__]
are you in it you see what I'm typing
look at all these commands that I have
I can ask an eight ball something
oh that's so [__] nerd that is so
nerdy oh my God
that is insane check it out
oh my God
that's insane so but I didn't write any
of this it's this guy that wrote this
like probably twenty thousand ten
thousand line code base here and it is
just like not documented at all
it's like literally a full stack web app
dude no it has a website it has this
whole website with oh like all this
stuff
it's crazy
dude leptos was nice I mean how cool is
free to pee
free to be sweet dude it actually looks
good now like you can't even lie
go to oh wait hold on let me switch to
Firefox because for some reason my
location services
dude I read it I I asked you
did I asked GPT I was like generate a
CSS sheet that's like why isn't this
working there we go generate a CSS
that's like retro 90s look at that
right
oh I just doxed myself [__] God damn it
because I'm not supposed to put my
latitude and longitude on public stream
oh brother
a little weird
that sucks it's like you go in and out
when I'm talking
okay
well I don't really have them okay I
mean it's good to know I yeah yeah just
so you know yeah oh dude I also I found
a way to I I made this little player and
this player allows me to circumvent
Twitches like audio
um basically all it does is pitches the
music up or down According to some speed
ratio
and that allows me to get around because
twitch will mute you if you're playing
copyrighted music
but I want to play copyrighted music so
if I just slow it down a little bit they
won't catch me
right
dude I'm really trying to like
be the prime of gen and get all of this
sorted hold on let me run
yeah I know I mean dude rust is so much
better than Julia it's crazy
it really is
okay check this out I'm a cargo run baby
oh [__] cargo run all right now watch
the stream I click this button
I'm in human resources
[Laughter]
yeah I just press this button on this
this thing here I showed Alex earlier
right
that's sweet what do I gotta do though
yeah wait but what do I have to do
um I might crop your face like for like
so it's not I don't know how the prime
Vision does it well so he he has a green
screen
that's right
um so
what I was thinking of doing is uh
is the oh the crop yeah
yeah I think you would have to crop out
the outline of your your body yeah I
mean it's supposed to look a little bad
but uh
there's always
yeah you know it takes a while for the
thing but what I want to do is uh
I was thinking of doing this segment
anything but I don't want to run a
neural network model like just for this
but they have this thing to segment out
so I could just get my face
yeah cool
like an image segmentation thing
yeah for sure
all right nice see ya talk to you later
bye
foreign
what do I have to do here
this thing never [__] closes
that's so lame that it works
foreign
hold on which one is it
I feel like I couldn't get this thing to
off correctly
why is login unsuccessful
foreign
I think I just have the wrong oauth
token actually
how do I get these [__] oh tokens
uh rust oh uh
or not no no no twitch
twitch apis require access tokens to
access resources depending on the
research you're accessing you'll need
either need a user access token or an
app access token I think uh the api's
reference content identifies the type of
access token you'll need
the simple difference between two types
of tokens that a user access token lets
you access a user's sensitive data with
their permission in an apple that their
non-sensitive data I feel like that
implies that I need an app access token
okay fine so I at least this one does
this
I want to say
can I get this message
foreign
thank you
[Music]
dicks
foreign
[Music]
okay
now we're oh hey
uh
I don't know
what the [__] is going on
oh
[Music]
my God
foreign
[Laughter]
um
foreign
[Music]
oh my God
foreign
[Music]
[Laughter]
foreign
[Music]
all right
[Laughter]
because
all right we found a kid at the library
that we were looking for
that's a good evening
tomorrow
very special numbers
[Laughter]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
thank you
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
she's gone
welcome
back
[Music]
please aside
don't say anything
foreign
[Music]
as I remember
everybody
else
[Applause]
today
[Music]
foreign
thank you
very much
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
please please
[Music]
foreign
sweet dreams
good morning
dude what the hell is going on
this is taking a while
[Music]
um
[Applause]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
shot me
up inside
[Music]
please
foreign
[Music]
all right
foreign
[Music]
oh [__] please
oh
God
[Music]
it changes